Add supported types for STJ article (#43769)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json/supported-types.md

---
title: "Supported types in System.Text.Json"
description: "Learn which types are supported for serialization by the APIs in the System.Text.Json namespace."
ms.date: 11/25/2024
no-loc: [System.Text.Json]
ms.topic: reference
---

# Supported types in System.Text.Json

This article gives an overview of which types are supported for serialization and deserialization.

## Types that serialize as JSON objects

The following types serialize as JSON objects (unless they implement <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable`1>, in which case they serialize as JSON arrays):

* Classes
* Structs
* Interfaces
* Records and struct records

The following code snippet shows the serialization of a simple struct.

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/supported-types/csharp/Struct.cs" id="SerializeStruct":::

## Types that serialize as JSON arrays

.NET collection types serialize as JSON arrays. <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer?displayProperty=nameWithType> supports a collection type for serialization if it:

> * Derives from <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable> or <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable%601>

Author: ```suggestion
* Derives from <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable> or <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable%601>.
```

---
title: "Supported types in System.Text.Json"
description: "Learn which types are supported for serialization by the APIs in the System.Text.Json namespace."
ms.date: 11/25/2024
no-loc: [System.Text.Json]
ms.topic: reference
---

# Supported types in System.Text.Json

This article gives an overview of which types are supported for serialization and deserialization.

## Types that serialize as JSON objects

> The following types serialize as JSON objects (unless they implement <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable`1>, in which case they serialize as JSON arrays):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following types serialize as JSON objects (unless they are non-dictionary types implementing <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable`1>, in which case they serialize as JSON arrays):
```
